[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
action film gods oh
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
one night in tokyo the streets of
shibuya are on fire
civilians are running for life through
the ruins a long-haired girl member of
teen tokyo
is staggering to her feet when she's
about to suffer another strike
the leader of team tokyo and a skinny
uncle arrive in time
but they're unable to resist the attacks
from king of death a monster with
superpower
the battle suit of the leader has been
smashed in seconds
if the team cannot accomplish the task
to kill the target monster
before the black ball ends its countdown
the whole team would be eliminated as
programmed
so the leader has to fight hard again he
kills the monster with his laser gun
finally but he still died due to the
deadly injuries
the long-haired girl's very sad seeing
her lover's death
at the same time a college student cato
runs into an emergency
while heading back home he tries to save
others but gets slain by the gangster
ruthlessly
but kato finds himself still alive and
is locked in a room with a black ball
he then learns from uncle skinny that
all people inside this room
are controlled by the black ball and
they have to kill target aliens under
its order
right at that moment the black ball
starts to sing and gives them the new
target they have to kill next
the old ghost who is an extremely
valiant and tricky
uncle skinny reminds cato and a newcomer
bad boy
to protect themselves with fighting
suits but the bad boy doesn't listen to
him
and even tries to challenge him another
member of the team the cool
guy directly shoots the bad boy as he
believes a teammate like the bad boy
would be just a trouble
then the black ball starts its countdown
right away
the whole team's transferred into the
mission spot but soon they are shocked
to realize it's the streets in osaka
instead of tokyo since they have always
been fighting in tokyo only
without their team leader to rely on
this time the long hair girl and uncle
skinny seem very panicking
seeing a faceless female ghost in kimono
rushing toward them
they start to shoot randomly even before
the ghost is within their shooting range
fortunately the cool guy calmly walks
out and bumps off the ghost with just
one shot
uncle skinny tells cato that they must
kill the target ghosts and monsters
to accomplish the task within the black
balls countdown
otherwise they all would be eliminated
forever
shortly after countless ghosts and
monsters show up
a big head monster finds the team and
starts to attack right away
in panic the whole team escape for life
and shoot randomly
noticing the long hair girl and uncle
skinny are left behind
dealing with these ghosts cato decides
to stay to help them
instead of running away but he's hit by
the big head monster's ugly big head
not knowing how to rescue kato the rest
soon find the ugly big head is shot dead
as the sounds of laughing come closer
they realize it's the team osaka
who shot the monster and save kato team
osaka has rich battle experience
and are armed with exotic weapons they
begin to mock the tokyo team
and despise that without their team
leader team tokyo is just a piece of
[ __ ]
however the sexy long-haired girl draws
the group's hormone attention
in order to show off their muscles in
front of such a beauty team osaka
immediately get down to kill ghosts and
monsters and very soon
they eliminate all the small ghosts with
their excellent battle skills
although the snake monster with sharp
claws makes some troubles
they still shoot it to death with a
gravity gun cato's impressed by their
advanced weapons
uncle skinny shares with him the scoring
rules set by the black ball
that is whoever kills a target monster
will get 100 scores
and be rewarded with three choices
either to upgrade weapons
revive one team member or to be set free
with the memory erased
cato's encouraged immediately after
learning the third option
the cool guy activates his invisibility
and they observe the streets for the
target monster
right then seeing some civilians are
being chased by monsters not far away
cato decides to help them although it
seems a tough task to a newbie like him
he finally wins his first battle seeing
cato's actions of saving the lives of
civilians
a short-haired girl from the osaka team
is touched by his courage and admires
him
as she believes everyone would just care
about their own lives during fights
later in order to save those civilians
trapped in a supermarket
cato starts to fight with a giant blue
ghost
due to its violent attacks kato soon
loses his energy to fight back
right then the sexy short hair girl
draws the ghost's attention and gives
kato a chance to escape
while the ghost seizes the short hair
girl with its claw
cato picks up the capturing gun that the
short haired girl dropped
and shoots toward the ghost then the
ghost's upper head is tied up by laser
ropes
shot out of the special weapon which
could be used to transfer the targeted
part into another space
thanks to that the blue ghost dies with
half of his head transferred to
somewhere else
cato saves the short hair girl and is
pleased to find she's
all right on their way to saving more
trapped civilians
she introduces him three strongest
warriors in team osaka
the leader of team osaka the bare-headed
and the strongest gang
suddenly comes big waves in a nearby
river one giant monster with a human's
body and an ox's head
is crawling up to the land the strongest
gang who has always been invisible
shows up riding a machine giant he
attacks the river monster
and they start to wrestle meanwhile the
long-haired girl and uncle skinny find
themselves surrounded by a human army
cato arrives and is trying to explain
the situation
but the human army treat all persons in
black suits as terrorists
when they are about to open fire a huge
red-faced dog with wings
falls down in between it starts to slay
all human soldiers with no mercy
when the red-faced doggy is going to
attack kato and the rest of the team
the short hair girl tries to attract its
attention and cato shoots it with
the laser gun but the furious dog breaks
the laser rope
even before the transferring starts
fortunately
other members of team osaka arrived
there on time
leader of team osaka shoots it down with
a gravity gun
with its two wings lost the red dog
struggles to stand
up hoping to get high scores the leader
determines to bump off the red-faced dog
alone
despite being shot several times the red
dog stands up again and again
the leader is astonished since no
monster has ever survived the gravity
gun yet
the red-faced dog captures him and
breaks his battle suit
so the leader calls the bear headed for
help the bear headed doesn't believe
their leader would be in any trouble at
all
until the leader dies after killing the
doggy as everybody's shocked by the
death of their leader
a humble short man approaches with a
creepy smile this short old man is
actually the old ghost
their target of the mission seeing the
target worth for 100 score prize
the bear headed runs to him and cut him
into four pieces
but the four pieces soon turn into four
whole persons which merge back into one
fast
old ghost moves very swiftly making the
bear-headed almost impossible to hit him
in anger the bear headed activates his
battle suit
and hugs the old ghost from the back
trying to strangle it to death
suddenly old ghost transfers into his
second form a huge demonic boby
which is made of thousands of naked
women it kills the bear headed soon
although the second form is huge it
could easily avoid
all the gunshots the cool guy who has
been invisible and hides nearby
finds the best chance and shoots the
monster into mushes
before the cool guy could claim his
victory the blood starts to float
showing the old ghost transformation
into its third form
a horrible monster with a creepy
appearance and tentacles
the cool guy tries to make himself
invisible for escape but it's too late
the monster hits him on the back badly
realizing no one could really fight
against the old ghost
cater takes the team to jump into the
river and flee away
meanwhile the strongest gang is still
fighting against the ox-headed monster
he takes out a cutting-edge electric
sword but the machine giant he's riding
is too huge and lumpish to move swiftly
soon he's beaten down he has to remove
the heavy mechanic skull
and changes the new gorilla armor he
kills the ox-headed monster soon thanks
to its flexibility
after that gang walks directly to old
ghost the two then fall into a fierce
fight
with experience of seven times of full
scores gang destroys the third form soon
however old ghost changes to his fourth
form a shameless naked muscular man
bald but full of hormones gang starts
cutting its muscles with huge blades
but he soon learns its wounds can
recover by itself real quick
the naked muscular man could even
imitate his armor
and fights back with huge blades the
gorilla armor of gang breaks into pieces
under its severe attacks right then gang
releases heavy smoke from the armor
to blind the old ghost he takes the
chance to cut through its muscular body
from its back
killing the fourth form eventually but
gang knows for sure the old ghost is
going to revive to its final form
which would be even more powerful cato
is thinking about killing the old ghost
thoroughly
before it changes to its final new form
as he approaches closer
a meatball jumps out from the dead body
and transfers to the final form
which looks like the god of death in no
fear
cato strikes forward right away but
suffers a deadly blow from the monster
which smashes his battle suit instantly
luckily the god of death is not
interested in the newbie cato at all
and leaves to search for his stronger
rival gang
cato plans to use himself as bait and
asks both girls
the short hair and the long hair to
snipe it from a distance
however the god of death returns with
gang's head in his hand
considering both girls might not have
arrived at a suitable spot to snipe yet
cater decides to earn more time for them
so he drops his weapons
he then pretends to admire its muscles
and asks death about its origins
in front of a human without weapons the
death praises itself
as a true god a sudden gunshot breaks
its defense and
arms but after several shots the god of
death realizes their intention
and shoots out a deadly laser from its
eyes to the hiding snipers
cato runs to get the dropped gravity gun
on the ground
as the god of death again sees through
what he is up to it shoots out lasers
and blows cato up before he could reach
the gun
the short hair girl rushes out and
shoots at it so as to draw its attention
but she's quickly bumped into two pieces
by the deadly laser
causing kato to fall into huge rage and
sorrow
right then the wounded cool guy shows up
on a motorbike
and cuts the god of death into halves at
his full strength
but he's still hit badly by the deadly
laser when cato finally reaches the
gravity gun
he hits a bullet at it right away the
god of deaths finally smashed by that
shot
and turns into pieces cato triggers
numerous shots and anger for the loss of
the short hair girl
until one big hole is bombed out on the
spot
finally those remaining survivors are
transferred back to the room
cato wins the prize of 100 scores for
killing the god of death
in exchange for the reward he chooses to
revive the short-haired girl
who died for saving him instead of
setting himself free
touched by that the long-haired girl
also makes up her new goal
to gain enough scores in the next
mission hoping to revive the leader of
the team tokyo
the one she loves this is daniel cc
movie channel
peace out